3/18/2026-

I was just exploring some concepts instead of sleeping and I think this little
script may turn into something I spend more time on for fun in the coming
future and it may end up on Github eventually, so I thought I'd go ahead and
start a journal for it. This likely won't be neverending like my other projects
so this will really probably mostly just be helpful during the creation process,
but, whatever.


3/19/2026-

Thoughts-

We should make the timeout value adjustable

3/20/2026-

I haven't been doing great journaling for this so far, all apologies.

Today I've cleaned up output quite a bit and started checking against the flags list.
The list itself is still in it's most basic form, but, it all works!
Next I need multi string phrase checking.

3/21/2026-

I've actually added quite a bit today, more than I even intended, which isn't
a bad thing!

I cleaned up all of that noisy terminal output and am saving it all in json
files. The files are generated per run and stored in timestamped dirs in
the logs dir.

Eventually i'm going to incorporate having the options of only having
terminal output and no logs, logs and no output (current default because that's
my preference for while I'm building at least), and output + logs.

But I'm supposed to be taking some time off this weekend and I've been doing
this instead because it's fun so I'll probably go play some games and leave
all of that for later tbh.

I came back and added strace_out and timeout_out

3/22/2026-

So far this morning I've added some basic argparse options! A smell step
but still a meaningful one. I'm still perfecting commands and usage
and what I have wired up right now is basically a stand in.

I was getting terminal issues after running with argparse and
after much mouse chasing it was ptrace in the strace call;
ptrace operates below capture_output and strace was attached to
the wrong terminal so we had to fix that but now it's running
normally again!

3/23/2026&3/242026, 12:47:

The day changed while I was coding hence the dual date entry.

But today I got gtfobins data integrated; one can optionally check against the data and
also pass an argument to update the data via curl which curls from gtfobins' API.

Good stuff! V1 isn't far away! Tomorrow we need to pick up on saving gtfo findings to logs,
right now the check against gtfo data is print only. But i'm quite sleepy.

Goodnight!


8:51 PM-

My personal life beyond work stuff has been stressful so i'm really
not doing much tonight, but. I did add an argument for deleting the logs
and it works fine!

Small progress is still progress.

3/25/2026-

Today so far I've done mostly visual changes, coloring and organizing the text
printed to the terminal if that argument is passed. I have been thinking over my implementaion of
deleting the files; I think I may need to set up seperate arguments for deleting logs
without running the program fully, and for deleting and then running. I would say running and then deleting automatically
but that's useless and what the terminal option exists for.

3/29/2026-

Not much to say today, all I'm doing is adding the cleanup argument! Now using -cleanup in your command will delete the log files,
the log dir, uninstall strace, and then uninstall the program itself!


4/6/2026-

Digging into testing I immediately met an issue with uninstalling strace that I hadn't considered before
in that it prompts for the sudo password, which may be an issue for users, so I simply landed on removing
the logic. There's a good chance strace was previously installed and this is just the overall better option.

Next I need to address the getcap issues on Debian!

So far I've only tested on Debian and Fedora, but that work is ongoing.

4/9/2026-

I changed the penguin!


5/10/2026-

I've been dealing with an overwhelming personal life and haven't been able to do much programming at all, let alone in here,
but I'm trying to build new routines and wanted to get this project back into my mind.

I think we may need to make strace optional so that the program can be run without root status/envoking sudo if needed.

I ran it on the debian machine and got an odd error related to getcap and that directory not existing, we need to figure that out
as well. I feel like I ran into this in the past and forgot it?

Is it that debian uses libcap instead?

Editing the setup script to adjust this, please hold.

8/10/2026-

It's been awhile since I've journaled in here, because all I've really done since the last entry is fix a few format issues
and then ship v1, which shipped on 08/01/2026, and then my mom passsed shortly thereafter and my productivity went down the drain
for a bit.

But here I am!

After pushing v1 I found the bug where strace results were being returned as bytes, so this morning I'm fixing that and
pushing the fix!



8/16/2026-

Today I implemented Rich so that I could add a spinner for the sliding around portion,
and also use Rich for the color coding instead of the ANSII codes. So far it is all working
and I'm going to push the changes to dev!


11:10:
Tonight I've just come back and worked on rearragnging a few things for improved error handling, basically. No code real
code changes, just moving things around and adding some light error handling.




8/17/2026-

Last night while I was programming while sleepy my identation got all crazy and I could hardly hold my eyes open
so I left that for morning me to sort out and now I've done just that! I think it's safe to call this v1.1.0

I'm having some issues with git/github

8/18/2026-

I have a small roadmap of things to be added or improved over the next few versions and broke ground
on some of that tonight, but I'm quite sleepy so I'm calling it quits earlier than anticipated.

But I did get a start on introducing some async into the program, a big part of what will become v2 eventually.

8/19/2026-

This morning I've been in here doing some more work on adding concurrency to the program, starting a complete rewrite
of the "sliding process" into a main() function and making the scans concurrent. I plan to also make file writing for
a given binary concurrent as well. This has also given me the chance to fix a few things in the original loop that
had slipped by under my radar, so that's good!

We haven't moved the gtfobins logic yet as it's going to take a bit more effort than the others, but it'll still
happen soon regardless.

8/20/2026-

I moved the gtfobins related logic into it's own function and added the call to the asyncio.gather for the scan calling,
then I straightend it out because it was a mess; the getcap scan and gtfo file writing lines were also mixed in there so
I get everything in it's own function and we're almost functional now, with some errors and failures that I still
need to read through and figure out, but. My dog needs to go outside and I need to get a few ebay packages out and
check on my dad as well, so, that'll have to come either later or tomorrow.

Until then!

8/21/2026-

So far today I've been working through the pile of bugs that I left for myself yesterday; I feel i'm at least making
some progress. I got the timeouts set back up, and fixed a few other things that I had left out yesterday.

My goal today is to push twice; I left the dev branch not working yesterday and then this morning I'm going to be
making a push that makes it slightly better but still realistically unusable and then I need to do some other things
for a bit and will be coming back for more work on this after that, hopefully to get things working again,
if not at least closer to so.

To anyone who could be reading this, just use the master version until like later or tomorrow :D